Saitama manufacturing company leading the world
Please see there is still more
It is followed by and Adam Japan of Sayama-shi
Billiard cues are made by this company
Used by professional players around the world using an innovative technology
I'm manufacturing billiards cues and their innovative technology
The say 9 of up to a few is it that first that now I'm old beautiful of that one, but this is subdivided
car
One to So in assembling it it that
I can not do a simple technician
By doing this, it is possible to significantly prevent the machine from bending due to moisture, and a more accurate shot is possible.
A dream I'm a sudden it becomes possible
adam Japan is a company that will try anything that comes to mind
This Musashi was also born from the idea of ​​the president
Kazuya army
I had a good idea
I'm going to eat up already 20 times, hey s you do n't say so
Since the nice now is it likely to be that
One also asked
That 's a bad job.
It is really anyway I know
Definitely that was read different
How are you doing now?
More
The president's idea is a quick reflection of the human body
In other words, the body hits the bones and the surrounding blocks are regarded as muscles
This is the Musashi b I'm going to God
Conductor becomes popular
Thank you very much
Oh Oh We Oh
In this way, Musashi acclaimed by professionals in the world was born
However, because the nature of the wood is different one by one, how to select and combine materials
Skills and know-how of experienced craftsmen such as subtle adjustments tailored to players say things
What a nice
Kitter
Buber That's that day Oh Rosuko Tsu Lennon I were you transferred
If there is a sut, there is no resistance in the forest that the power has been transmitted.
I also understand this
You can watch the film of the president of the other delusion that everyone will look and be delighted
How is it
Thank you I'm my best ya eh amazing
No, I really really many one old people of pyridinium Ard is do deep Well that
Of course the president who was made in Musashi , but the acting of the employee is me or more than this
I feel like I got listed on gs
After all, Ne Even so was the car of that meet the needs of this really fine place is
I felt that it was the work of a craftsman
Though I'm on the mound every sphere is thought Naa want
I wish Musashi returned
It is recognized in the world product that was born by everyone's efforts grandson to that of Saitama Prefecture, small and medium-sized enterprises
And we are proud of having a high international reputation as well.
We introduced Saitama manufacturing track which leads the world above